feat: Support DnD in S2 collection components (#9791)
adobe/react-spectrum: packages/dev/s2-docs/pages/s2/TreeView.mdx

}
```

## Drag and drop

> TreeView supports drag and drop interactions when the `dragAndDropHooks` prop is provided using the <TypeLink links={docs.links} type={docs.exports.useDragAndDrop} /> hook. Users can drop data on the tree as a whole, on individual items, insert new items between existing ones, or reorder items. The insertion indicator is level-aware, so drop positions reflect the target item's nesting depth. React Aria supports drag and drop via mouse, touch, keyboard, and screen reader interactions. See the [drag and drop guide](../react-aria/dnd?component=Tree) to learn more.

Reviewer: Little long. Do we need the sentence I removed?

```suggestion
TreeView supports drag and drop interactions when the `dragAndDropHooks` prop is provided using the <TypeLink links={docs.links} type={docs.exports.useDragAndDrop} /> hook. Users can drop data on the tree as a whole, on individual items, insert new items between existing ones, or reorder items. React Spectrum supports drag and drop via mouse, touch, keyboard, and screen reader interactions. See the [drag and drop guide](../react-aria/dnd?component=Tree) to learn more.
```
